I scared your hand when you just played Qixi Festival
Are you having a holiday with him?
He is a daughter
He drugged me.
You deserve to beat me and frame me
I'm just a scary person
How could I hold a grudge against him?
That's not what I meant.
I'm doing this to him today because I don't like him
A nice girl
Disregarding the pain of loved ones
Hurt yourself for a scum
If you think I'm doing something wrong
Can I go?
Don't go
You don't even know who I am, why did you keep me?
Long Chenguang
You shouldn't have told me
So many years
I've been waiting for someone
Waiting for a chance to repay
But I can't find him, you let me go
Ye Chenguang
You showed up
In the end it was fate
Relive
Can I also enjoy it a little bit?
The youth I missed in my previous life